# this is a very crude example of the symlinks to be done for the toolbox utilities, these can be done manually for fixing toolbox symlinks/hardlinks.
# these commands can also work via busybox using ADB directly on the device.
# location on the filesystem is "/system/bin"
# NOTE: the links MUST be in place for DHCP and various services to work properly

nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./chmod
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./chown
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./cmp
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./date
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./dd
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./df
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./dmesg
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./getevent
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./getprop
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./hd
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./id
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./ifconfig
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./iftop
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./insmod
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./ioctl
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./ionice
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./kill
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./ln
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./log
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./ls
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./lsmod
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./mkdir
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./mount
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./mv
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./nandread
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./netstat
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./newfs_msdos
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./notify
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./printenv
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./ps
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./reboot
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./renice
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./rm
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./rmdir
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./rmmod
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./route
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./schedtop
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./sendevent
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./setconsole
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./setprop
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./sleep
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./smd
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./start
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./stop
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./sync
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./top
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./umount
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./vmstat
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./watchprops
nathan@nathan-VirtualBox:~/samsungxxJPX/ext2loop/bin$ sudo ln -nf ./toolbox ./wipe