#summary FAQ
<wiki:toc max_depth="3" />

= Frequently Asked Questions =

This page should contain answer for most questions asked by non developers, subjects too many times asked in XDA thread.

== In which wave models badadroids work? Is xxx model supported / going to be supported? ==
May 2013: just S8500 (Wave I) and S8530 (Wave II), similar hardware/software (Qualcomm) 

Others wave models (
S5250 Wave 525, 
S5330 Wave 533, 
S5380 Wave Y, 
S5750 Wave 575
S7230 Wave 723,  
S7250 Wave M,
S8600 Wave III ) have very different hardware (Broadcomm), different bootloader ... maybe they need a whole new port project. 

Some related XDA threads  [http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1144809 723], [http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1253913 525], [http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2240466 525 FOTA bootloader ]. The most serious attempt for other wave models is done (january 2013) for S8600 by oleg_k, first developer of badadroid: [http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2116846 Android port for S8600 XDA thread]

== Does xxx work or not ?==
Hardware: look at ProjectStatus. 
Google play: look in this FAQ

===Do Microphone and audio work in calls? ===
Yes! (september 2013)

XDA related posts:

http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?p=44886529

http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?p=45682082

=== Are data (GPRS, 3G...) connection  working? ===
Yes! (october 2013)
XDA related post:

http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=46684373&postcount=947

=== Does GPS work? ===
No 
XDA related post:

http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=46684373&postcount=947


== How do I install badadroid? ==
Look for "FIRST INSTALLATION" in http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1851818

== How do I report a bug / take logs / save logcat ? ==
Look for "BUG REPORTS" in http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1851818

There is another similar way, using adb shell
Run from command line (windows, linux) "adb logcat -b system -b radio -b events -b main  > logcat.log", and you will have logcat.log file in your local file system in your computer.

Tips to run "adb":
  * you have to install android SDK, which includes adb utility.
  * you have to enabe in your wave checkbox at Settings > Developer options > Android debugging
  * of course, you have to have your wave plugged to your PC , if not, you receive message "error: device not found"

== How do I install Google Play? ==
Start CWM Recovery and install http://goo.im/gapps/gapps-jb-20121011-signed.zip 
(It has to be this version for Cyanogenmod 10.1, check "Use this table to figure out which package you need!" table in http://goo.im/gapps)

Google Apps (Gapps) is not included by default in this ROM by licencing reasons.

== Why message "Unfortunately, Android keyboard (AOSP) has stopped" ? ==
Wrong gapss version.

== Badadroid is stuck in animation with rotating circle where Cyanogenmod is written in ==
It happens if you don't comply with installation requirements. Enter Bada Settings->General->Memory and make sure you have at least:
  * 370MB of free "System" memory
  * 150MB of free "User" memory
  * 400MB of free "Applications" memory
Solution: make a clean installation of bada: full flash

Related XDA posts: http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?p=39859136#post39859136

== Badadroid is going to work with xxx custom Bada firmware ? ==
Yes, you just have to flash the right bootfiles and FOTA, and comply with Bada Badadroid requirements (see above)

== Do Volk204's official kernel and ROM support other custom ROMs and kernels? ==
No.

Related XDA posts:

http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=47208240&postcount=1369


== How do I make badadroid use external SD as main storage / install apps in external SD Card? ==
Install swap_SD.zip or look for persist.sys.vold.switchexternal flag setting solution. 

Related XDA posts: http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1851818&page=107

Note: CM 10.1 

Partitions are already swapped in this ROM.
No need to flash Swap SD.zip anymore 

http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=44881813&postcount=171

== How do I change phone ID ? ==
Some apps do not work if model is GT-S8500 or GT-S8530; look for GT-I9000.zip file in threads http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1851818&highlight=nvram&page=58 
