#summary Badadroid Project Status

= Project Status: WIP Work In progress - Alpha =

The project is doing progress day by day, but because of lack of developers and the amount of work todo, it has still a long way ahead.
You can see a list of features of what is working and what is not in [http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1851818 XDA developers ROM WIP CM10 "Jelly Bean" thread], list which is sumarized here, associated with CM 10 Rebellos ROM.

== WHAT DOES (SHOULD) WORK ==
  * Screen
  * Sound playback
  * Camera
  * Camera LED
  * Battery charge/gauge (*Warning: Don't leave it charging without supervising - if it gets enormously hot, disconnect it - this can literally blow up battery as there is no overheating protection yet. Do not leave it connected on 100% - it'll discharge by 1% all the time, and then recharge, what's very unhealthy for batter*)
  * SD card read/write
  * Recovery mode: CWM allows GAPPS install (android market allows app installation) 
  * Connectivity
    * Wifi (including DHCP)
    * Bluetooth (S8500)
    * Basic radio functions: Netwok Registration, SIMcard communication, SMS, USSD, Call notifications 
  * Sensors: 
    * Accelerometer
    *  Magnetometer (Compass)
    *  Proximity sensor
  * Vibrator

Internal FM Radio works using [http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1059296 APP Sprint FM from Mike Reid], with Settings> Audio> Method> Galaxy SL/i9003. It is an app unrelated with badadroid, and Wave phones are not in Supported Device List, so it has no support. This app has free version with some limitations (Sprint Free) and paid version (Spirit FM Unlocked)

== WHAT DOESN’T WORK (BUGS/TODO) ==
  * Bluetooth (S8530)
  * Radio/modem (GSM/GPRS) functionallity: audio calls, data connection....more Badadroid RIL implementation is needed.
  * Microphone - most likely related to modem - appears to be controlled by AMSS at some part
  * GPS - related with modem, as GPS chip is wired to Call Processor
  * Video recording: related with mic/audio issue. The most likely reason of non working recording is Audio HAL going mad when it cannot catch proper PCM stream from hardware.