#summary Badadroid project history

= What is Badadroid Project? =
Badadroid is the project to port the Android Operating System to the Samsung Wave smartphones, for which Samsung just provides its propietary OS called Bada. Badadroid name comes from joining Bada + Android.

= Badadroid Project History =
Wave smartphones and Bada 1.0 OS were introduced by Samsung in 2010. S8500 (Wave I) and S8530 (Wave II) were the two first models, and they have, even by 2013's standards, good hardware, similar between them and similar to I9000 (Galaxy S). Samsung did not provide good support to Bada platform, Bada 2.0 release was delayed to 2012, and Bada OS and phones have finally been abandoned in 2013, with Samsung focusing in Tizen.

Badadroid project was started in 2011, with the idea to bring a functional android in these phones. Dual boot is possible through modified bootloaders, and as simple as a different key combo. The real porting implies coding kernel dealing with hardware; porting has evolved through several android and kernel versions (android 2.2 Froyo/linux kernel 2.6.32 was ported to S8500 in 2011, Android 4.0 ICS/linux kernel 3.0.1 was ported to S8500 in april 2012, `CyanogenMod` 10 based on Android 4.1 Jelly Bean/linux kernel 3.0.31 was ported in august 2012, giving also support to S8530 hardware, mainly different in display controller). In 2012 Rebellos managed to start modem communication, and in march 2013 the world's first working non-AT commands based RIL for non-Android phone has been released. Most of Badadroid RIL implementation was done by KB_Jetdroid, Rebellos and Volk204, basing on opensource Replicant's RIL for Samsung Galaxy S.
More details about participating developers and development history [http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1459391 here], by Rebellos. 
In august 2013, Volk204 [http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?p=44801842 continues] Rebellos' work with `CyanogenMod` 10.1 Android 4.2.2, and in the same month [http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?p=44886529 audio recording and video recording (microphone) is fixed] by Volk204 and Rebellos. 
In september 2013, [http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?p=45682082 audio in calls is fixed] by Volk204 and Tigrouzen.

At this moment there are several Badadroid ROMs with several changes, for example some of them oriented to game players.
Most ROMs use Rebellos kernel where all new functionality is implemented by him and other developers: Volk204 is the main developer of RIL funcionality. Rebellos provides a CM 10 ROM using his kernel: [http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1851818 ROM WIP CM10 "Jelly Bean"], which is continued by Volk204 in [http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2400126 ROM WIP CM10.1] 
